To create word embeddings
you always need two things.
A corpus of text and an embedding method.
The corpus contains
the words you want to embed
organized in the same way as they would
be used in the context of interest.
For example, if you want to generate
word embeddings based on Shakespeare,
then your corpus would be the full and
original text of Shakespeare and
not study notes, slide presentations or
keywords from Shakespeare.
The context of a word refers
towards other words or
a combination of words said to
occur around that particular word.
The context is important as this is what
will give meaning to each word embedding,
a simple vocabulary list of
Shakespeare's most common words
would not be enough to create embeddings.
The corpus would be a general purpose
sets of documents such as Wikipedia
articles or it could be more
specialized such as an industry or
enterprise specific corpus to
capture the nuances of the context.
For NLP use cases on legal topics,
you could use contracts and law books as
the corpus, the embedding method creates
the word embeddings from the corpus.
There are many types of possible methods.
But in this course, I will focus on modern
methods based on machine learning models
which are set to learn
the word embeddings.
The machine learning model
performs a learning task and
the main byproducts of this
task are the word embeddings.
For instance the task would be to learn to
predict a word based on the surrounding
words in a sentence of the corpus, as in
the case of the continuous bag of words
approach that I will describe in the next
videos that you will implement this week.
The specific of the tasks are what
will ultimately define the meaning
of the individual words.
I'll get back to this in
one of the next videos.
The task is said to be self supervised.
It is both unsupervised in the sense that
the input data, the corpus, is unlabeled.
And supervised in the sense that the data
itself provides the necessary context
which would ordinarily make up the labels.
So the corpus is a self-contained
data set that contains both,
the training data and the data that
enables the supervision of the task.
Word embeddings can be tuned by
a number of hyperparameters.
Just like in any machine learning model.
One of these hyperparameters is the
dimension of the word embedding vectors.
In practice this dimension
typically ranges from a few hundred
to the low thousands.
Using higher dimensions captures
more nuanced meanings, but
is more computationally expensive
both as training time and
later down the line when using
the word embedding vectors.
This eventually leads
to diminishing returns.
Finally, to feed the corpus into
the machine learning model the contents of
the corpus must first be transformed into
a suitable mathematical representation
from words into numbers.
The representation depends on
the specifics of the model, but
it is usually based on the simple
representations that I presented in
the previous video, such as integer
based word indices or one hot vectors.
In this video you learned about high level
process to create context embeddings.
For the next step I'll introduce you
to several word embedding methods
including the continuous bag of words
approach that you will be implementing in
this week's assignment.
See you later.